fix(v2 volume): fix Node Disk Support (#983)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/v2-data-engine/features/node-disk-support.md

## Configure a Disk on Longhorn Node

> Longhorn can automatically detect the disk type if `node.spec.disks[i].diskDriver` is set to `auto`, optimizing storage performance. The detection and management will be as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn automatically detects the disk type if `node.spec.disks[i].diskDriver` is set to `auto`, optimizing storage performance. The detection and management is as follows:
```

> - NVMe Disk: managed by spdk_tgt using the nvme bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to `nvme`.
> - VirtIO Disk: managed by spdk_tgt using the virtio bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to `virtio-blk`.
> - Other Disks: managed by spdk_tgt using the aio bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to `aio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NVMe Disk: managed by spdk_tgt using the nvme bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `nvme`.
- VirtIO Disk: managed by spdk_tgt using the virtio bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `virtio-blk`.
- Other Disks: managed by spdk_tgt using the aio bdev driver, and `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `aio`.
```

Alternatively, users can manually set `node.spec.disks[i].diskDriver` to `aio` to force the use of the aio bdev driver.

> To support NVMe and VirtIO disks, you need to find the BDF (Bus, Device, Function) of the disk as a disk path that will be added to the Longhorn node. The following examples provide an introduction to configuring NVMe disks, VirtIO disks, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support NVMe and VirtIO disks, you need to find the BDF (Bus, Device, Function) of the disk as a disk path to be added to the Longhorn node. The following examples provide an introduction to configuring NVMe disks, VirtIO disks, and others.
```

>    storageReserved: 0
>    tags: []
>  ```

> > In this case, the disk will be managed by the aio bdev driver, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to `aio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, the disk will be managed by the aio bdev driver, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `aio`.
```

>    storageReserved: 0
>    tags: []
>  ```

> > In this case, the disk will be managed by the aio bdev driver, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to `aio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, the disk will be managed by the aio bdev driver, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `aio`.
```

      tags: []
    ```

> 1. Check node.status.diskStatus. The disk should be detected without errors, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` will be set to aio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check node.status.diskStatus. The disk should be detected without errors, and the `node.status.diskStatus[i].diskDriver` is set to `aio`.
```
